PrivacyPolicy


1. Why We Collect Data 

There are several reasons to why we collect personally identifiable information: 

a. Game functionality 
In order to play our multiplayer games, you need to sign in with an account. Typically, you can sign-in with your email address, or choose a third party login feature like Facebook, Game Center, Google Play. Personal information is saved to help you recover your account if you lose your login credentials. 

b. In game statistics 
In our games we show leaderboards, achievements and leagues. Your progress in the game is saved in order to show your score and achievements for everyone else in the game. 

c. Customer support 
We save user information in order to satisfy the demands and wishes of our members. 

d. Marketing Purposes 
As previously mentioned we will never share, rent or sell any personally identifiable information to a third party, we will however use collected member information as a foundation when selecting which promotions and advertisements we display on the Facebook app and in the Facebook app newsletter. 

2. Note to parents 

Raketspel AB develop Apps to be an enjoyable experience for a general audience over the age of 13. Raketspel AB takes into account that some younger children may not understand some of the information contained on the website or how the site operates. 

That is the purpose of the Privacy Policy. Please discuss this statement with your children so that they will better understand how to use the site and the information they may be asked to provide. Raketspel AB strongly believes that providing its members with accurate and adequate notice about the website will lead to informed choices and decisions about how to use the site, as well as protecting its users' privacy. If you have any questions or comments about the Facebook app website, please feel free to contact us at kontakt@raketspel.se. 

Important: If you as a parent would like to find out more about the regulations governing practices for collecting personal information about children, visit the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s (FTC) site on "Kidz Privacy": http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/edcams/kidzprivacy/index.html 

3. Security 

Raketspel AB has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. 

These include a firewall to prevent unauthorized access to our systems and maintenance of registration information in a separate database. Although we will exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the Internet and we accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure. 

Your personal information is password-protected, and you should take appropriate measures to protect the secrecy of your password. If you use a computer in a public place or share a computer with others, remember to sign out and close your browser window when you finish a session with Facebook app in order to prevent others from accessing your personal information. 


4. Terms

By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.

5. Use License

This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

modify or copy the materials;

use the materials for any other purpose that using the application;

attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on this web site;

remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.

6.Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy:

Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.

We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.

We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.

We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.

Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.

We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.

We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.

We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.

7.You can contact us at colbaugh34356@hotmail.com.